imagine you come to America in you're
British and you're at school and you
tell your classmate or whatever you're
like my language school you tell
somebody
could you give me a wrapper and in
America you will be like what do you
mean biggest rubber in America is condom
and in the UK and here's a rubber you
mean this thing on top of your pencil
that I have right here like this which
is used to erase whatever you've written
so as you might have realized it's
really really important to tell the
difference between American and British
English because you can get confused so
in this video we're going to talk about
those confusing differences
let's go to Great Britain imagine you're
walking in the streets of London and you
see someone wearing dirty jeans so your
instinct is to approach that person and
tell them excuse me your pants is dirty
because you've learnt American English
but the British person beep what
because pants in Great Britain means
underwear and the person really confused
like how did you see that his handset
dirty in America pants are like trousers
jeans whatever we're wearing below
sweaters I need pants pants are
essentially by the way a jumper in Great
Britain is a sweater but in America a
jumper is somebody who is trying to
commit suicide like somebody who's
trying to jump off the Golden Gate
Bridge and I think the Golden Gate
Bridge is like number one bridge for
suicides and jumping off a skyscraper so
really important if you see a jumper in
the United States call 9-1-1 if you see
a jumper in Great Britain that usually
means a sweater wait oh just a jumper
also call for me
in the UK a bum is your but is your well
here's the picture in the u.s. a bum is
often a homeless person this is the way
people in America call homeless people
dummy sounds nice but in the u.s. it
means an idiot in the UK though it means
a pacifier for baby
Oh dummy another word that people are
saying wrong is pissed pissed in the
United States is angry pissed in Great
Britain is just drunk and pissed good by
the way another thing that you're doing
wrong is having the same words for all
of your passwords and right
then down in a notebook that you tend to
lose or leave at home and the sponsor of
this video is dashlane and they are a
company that would help you get rid of
this mistake that you're making - Lane
is a piece of software that allows you
to have all your passwords in one place
and imagine how easy it is to access all
of your accounts with just one click I
used to have all of my passwords in like
a Google spreadsheet and that was a mess
and dashlane also helps you create
strong passwords so it wouldn't be like
oh should it be marina 1-2-3 or marina
three two one plus one I know the crazy
stuff that we do to comply with the
rules of different apps as always
because dash line is sponsoring this
video
you're getting something from it you're
getting thirty days off premium
subscription for free and there is no
credit card required so hit the link
below try a dash line and just
experience yourself this convenience of
having everything in one place and don't
make the mistake of having the same
password for everything
okay let's go to the next mistake in
your English hooker who's a hooker just
think for yourself and you'll know which
version of English you've learned so
hooker in American English is a
prostitute in British English it's a
specific position of a rugby player
hookers races I used to have braces on
my teeth that's why it's so even and
braces are those things that help you
even out your teeth but in America in
Great Britain though braces help you
hold up your pants so they go like this
that's braces in Great Britain no I mean
and I really think those braces look
good on you
fancy you have a fancy car oh my god
your apartment is so fancy
that means it's posh high-end luxurious
Porsches a fancy car Ferrari is a fancy
car Mercedes as a fancy car that's in
America in Great Britain if you fancy
someone that means you like them
oh my god I can see you fancy this guy
that means I can see you like this guy
so fancy has a slightly different
meaning in Great Britain you are fancy
fancy bird has the same meaning both in
the UK in the u.s. like this bird flying
around but in the UK people also call
young females a bird which means like
well birdie you know what I mean the the
alternative in the US would be Jake bugg
vog in the u.s. is an area with marshy
land in the UK bog is another word for a
toilet or bathroom that's the way we
call it in the US and in the UK they
also say loo like L oo for the toilet
it's appalling I'm surprised how
different these languages are British
people came from Great Britain to the US
and we kind of adopted I say we because
I'm 35 percent American now I don't know
I don't know it's up to you guys to
decide
ameri-ghen I am but I've lived here for
years but yeah people came from Great
Britain to the yes they brought their
language but guess what turns out
because we're on the separate continents
the languages developed in different
ways so there are different words now
thank you so much watching this video
guys if you really enjoyed it I would
really appreciate it if you liked this
video because it means a lot to me and
YouTube's algorithm really likes when
you like my videos because it starts
promoting them to other English learners
and if you're not yet subscribed to my
channel that's another mistake that
you're making in your English language
so correct this mistake right away
subscribe to my channel and I'll see you
very soon in my next edge occasional
videos